DOC-2363: Video and audio elements could not be played on Safari. (#3258)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.1-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 7.1 also includes the following bug fix<es>:

=== Video and audio elements could not be played on Safari.
// #TINY-10774

In earlier versions of {productname}, a problem occurred when users inserted a video or media element into a {productname} document while using Safari as the host browser. The issue caused media files to be unplayable in Safari.

> {productname} {release-version} resolves this problem by preventing events from bubbling out of the video element, which previously caused the playback issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} {release-version} resolves this problem by preventing events from propagating outside of the video element, which previously caused the playback issue.
```
